64 - WE MUST GIVE PRAISE


Don’t judge a book by its cover. Judge it by the harmful messages it
contains.


Welcome to Night Vale.


The enormous glowing cloud that serves as president of the Night Vale
School Board announced a five-year strategic plan for the school
district. The plan, put together over the past year by the
twelve-member board, lays out new curriculum goals, organizational
restructuring, and a comprehensive outline for eternal penitence
before the Mighty Glow Cloud.


Everyone present at the press conference fell to their knees and
praised the Glow Cloud – their eyes solid white, gray smoky wisps
swirling from their chanting mouths, hands clapping loudly in unison
– as miniature glowing colorful clouds swept about them.


“

 the Glow Cloud said. 


The crowd chanted along in worship of the Glow Cloud’s child, who is
currently a freshman at Night Vale High School. The young cloud is an
active member of both Show Choir and the Speechless Debate team.
Their education has long been an important part of the adult Glow
Cloud’s leadership in the education community.


The Sheriff’s Secret Police, in conjunction with several Vague, Yet
Menacing, Government Agencies, are calling on all citizens to be on
the lookout for two fugitives. Both Hiram McDaniels and the Faceless
Old Woman Who Secretly Lives in Your Home are wanted by authorities
for their recent attempts to usurp mayoral control of Night Vale.


Hiram is described as 

 a five-headed dragon. He is 18
feet tall, and his heads are colored blue, green, gold, gray, and
purple. They each have their own personality, sentience, memory, and
distinct markings and features.


The gray head often feels blue, and wears a green nose ring. The blue
head considers logic the gold standard of intellect, and has purple
eyes. The gold head is actually more of a sable, and will talk ‘til
he’s blue in the face. The purple head has grown gray with paranoid
fantasies and wears a gold neck chain that has a pendant with the
word “Violet” written in green gemstones. And the green head is
the real shouty one that wants to set everyone on fire, all the time.


The Secret Police are also on the hunt for the Faceless Old Woman,
whom they describe as “an elderly female without a face –
although, no one has ever actually seen her, so we’re all just
guessing. But, you’ll know you’re near her if you’re at home.
Particularly if you’re home alone and it’s dark, and you think you
hear breathing and creaking steps in another room. Under no
circumstances should you look. 

 You will not at all
like what you see,” the Secret Police said.


There is a reward for information leading to the arrest of either of
these fugitives. That reward is a gift card to Pier 1, a lifetime of
gratitude, and a couple of handwritten coupons for things like
washing the dishes, or a ten-minute back rub.

Um,
a couple of listeners have asked how my boyfriend Carlos is doing.
He’s still working on lots of interesting science projects in that
desert otherworld. It’s been almost a year since I last saw him in
person, and I miss him a lot. I’m waiting to hear back from Station
Management about getting vacation time so I can go visit him. It’s
nearly impossible to get approved for vacation and, even if you do,
you never know when or how you will find out.

At
most businesses, you just file some simple paperwork or ask your
direct supervisor, and after a few days they have someone from Human
Resources hide in the back seat of your car, and when you’re halfway
home they grab your face from behind, covering your eyes with one
hand and mouth with the other and shout “Your vacation has been
approved, congratulations!” And then, in your excitement, you take
them out for ice cream.

But
not in community radio. You can wait weeks, or months, to hear back.
In the meantime, though, I’ve been taking up watercolors again, and I
did something I’ve never done for anyone else I’ve ever been with. I
painted a picture of Carlos. He’s in profile, looking across his
desert otherworld, he’s wearing his Karl Lagerfeld-designed lab coat,
and there’s a car-sized Bichon Frisé atop a dune behind him.

And
it might be the best painting I’ve ever made. I had long given up
this old hobby, and lately I’ve grown so…oh, I don’t know…out of
touch? Lost? Disconnected? I just needed something to occupy my time.

Anyway,
I hung it above my desk, near the window, and I tell you, it really
gets me through the days, seeing my pastel Carlos in his brush-swept
otherworld paradise.

Let’s
take a look now at the Community Calendar.

Thursday
night, Dark Owl Records will be holding an open mic for anyone who
promises not to play any music, perform any poetry or comedy, or
produce any kind of art at all. Dark Owl owner Michelle Nguyen says
she hopes to not have to listen to or see any more art for as long as
she lives, which she is sure will be for a really long time.

“It’s
taking 

,
this life!” Nguyen said, before inserting an AOL Free Internet for
30 Days disc into her antique CD player. “This is the only thing I
can listen to anymore,” Nguyen added.

Friday
morning, the Society for a Blood Space War will be traveling back in
time and eliminating several future enemies before they gain training
and grow powerful. According to the group’s press kit, Friday is the
official day of the event, but since they’ll be traveling back in
time, it’s kind of moot because they’ve already done it. It’s just
that they recently hired a new PR manager, and he’s being all, like,
“you can’t announce an event without a date.”

Anyway,
they’ll have preemptively assassinated all future enemy leaders by
Friday morning.

Well,
this certainly explains the people in space suits who broke into our
break room here at the station last week and started a laser knife
battle with two folks from finance and our new intern, Hannah Reff –
who, it turns out, had some pretty sick laser knife fighting skills.
The finance folks went down easy, but Hannah managed to fight two of
her attackers off before the three remaining intruders grabbed her
and jumped en sacrificial masse into the temporary black hole they
had created near the coffee maker, thus ending Hannah’s future reign
of space terror.

To
the family of intern Hannah, she was a very good intern. 


focused, and always a friendly presence here in the office. She was
also a future warlord in the Blood Space War, but…you couldn’t have
known that. Only Hannah could have. She will be missed.

Where
was I? Oh. 

Saturday
afternoon on the Great Lawn is the Ennui Fair, sponsored by the Last
Bank of Night Vale. There will be some pouty clowns, indifferent to
simplistic balloon shapes of dogs. There will be local merchants and
artisans, standing hopelessly in small lots where they should be
setting up booths to showcase their wares, but can’t bring themselves
to do so because they’ve lost the thread…not just of the fair, but
of their careers and lives.

Organizers
say they expect cold rain that day, so you should……

And
then their press release just trails off.

Sunday,
all day, is the First Annual Ultimate Frisbee Tournament at the
Softball and Field Hockey Grounds, which were discovered last fall by
archaeologists over near the Olive Garden in the Problematic Birds
District. The archaeologists determined this ancient site was built
over four years ago by natives of this town, who enjoyed outdoor
activities like amateur softball and field hockey.

Tuesday
Afternoon is a pretty decent classic rock song.

It
has just been reported to me that the Night Vale PTA is upset about
the strategic plan created by the Night Vale School Board. Gordon
Moreno, president of the PTA, issued a statement criticizing the
School Board for not consulting parents and teachers when crafting
these changes.

Joined
by treasurer Diane Creighton, whose son Josh is a 9th grader at NVHS,
and secretary…Steve Carlsberg…whose stepdaughter Janice is in 2nd
grade, Moreno said the school board once again showed its lack of
care for parental input into the education and development of its
students.

“Parent’s
voices must be heard,” Moreno shouted from atop the statue of
immortal film actor Lee Marvin. Sitting on Marvin’s shoulders, legs
dangling like a denim-wrapped flesh scarf from the bronze sculptures
muscular neck, Moreno called for more transparency in education
planning.

Moreno
then clenched his teeth and lips and eyes as he kicked his legs back
and forth in a groaning, full body tantrum.

Let’s
take a look at financial news.

2,921
is a number. Which is up from many other numbers, definitely up, so
you should get really excited…or, perhaps, really upset over this.

Also,
the following words: Crime, debt, capital, offering, and portfolio.
Write those down and learn what they mean. Do not remember anything
that you learn, but seek the memory of what you learn in dreams.

Here’s
another number: 9.8 billion. That’s a very large number, one of the



numbers. Loosen your jaw and breathe in slowly through your nose when
you hear a number like that. 9.8 billion. That’s “billion,” with
two Ls. 

.
Wow!

This
has been financial news.

John
Peters – you know, the farmer? – called today to say he noticed
that Frank Chen has returned to town.

Some
of you recall that Frank went missing a while back, and a little over
two years ago his body was found by four kids who followed a railroad
track. Chen’s body was covered in extensive claw marks and burns,
most likely caused – according to the coroner’s report – by a
large dragon.